hi I'm little by the king of the city of
green a phantom and I'm doctor
Samoas Kepler's exam of suspicious
old crusty appliances of oil-free odd
years
Raja motion Eastham EVGA lapis toy
it's your ideally each cou fighty really
it's your idea
John you out of all this is a way I'm
going to turn on the g-major cells which
so all the sounds music and voices are
scary and generator
won't help fffff have you all the sums
music and voices are now scary in G
major and you dr. your voice is so scary
in G major though me this is so skinny
this will give you nightmares for you
meanwhile what a beautiful day I guess
it's time for a walk
look all the sounds are so scary in G
major
especially my voice and your voice is
scary these are so scary
do something meanwhile hey kids you
should be appreciative of my voice Oscar
struggled side
at the end of this episode I'll be
getting some peace and quiet for once
you've been punished for this little guy
if I hear one more sound that goes in G
major I'm calling the cops and what do
you see hey are you looking at me while
I'm looking at you you look at that time
and how do you feel cause when you look
at me time thinking about you because I
would like that idea at all not very
much I hope that I'm looking at you
tiger
cause it sure would be bad to be
moderate you because you're such a
magnificent animal
really and I'm actually a nice person
and you wouldn't do anything funny would
you oh I mean it little guy oops I put
all sounds music and voices in G major